1. Author: Albert Einstein 
Quote: “The world as we have created it is a process of our thinking. It cannot be changed without changing our thinking.” 
Tags: change, deep-thoughts, thinking, world 

2. Author: J.K. Rowling 
Quote: “It is our choices, Harry, that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities.” 
Tags: abilities, choices 

3. Author: Albert Einstein 
Quote: “There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle.” 
Tags: inspirational, life, live, miracle, miracles 

4. Author: Jane Austen 
Quote: “The person, be it gentleman or lady, who has not pleasure in a good novel, must be intolerably stupid.” 
Tags: aliteracy, books, classic, humor 

5. Author: Marilyn Monroe 
Quote: “Imperfection is beauty, madness is genius and it's better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring.” 
Tags: be-yourself, inspirational 

6. Author: Albert Einstein 
Quote: “Try not to become a man of success. Rather become a man of value.” 
Tags: adulthood, success, value 

7. Author: André Gide 
Quote: “It is better to be hated for what you are than to be loved for what you are not.” 
Tags: life, love 

8. Author: Thomas A. Edison 
Quote: “I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.” 
Tags: edison, failure, inspirational, paraphrased 

9. Author: Eleanor Roosevelt 
Quote: “A woman is like a tea bag; you never know how strong it is until it's in hot water.” 
Tags: misattributed-eleanor-roosevelt 

10. Author: Steve Martin 
Quote: “A day without sunshine is like, you know, night.” 
Tags: humor, obvious, simile 

11. Author: Marilyn Monroe 
Quote: “This life is what you make it. No matter what, you're going to mess up sometimes, it's a universal truth. But the good part is you get to decide how you're going to mess it up. Girls will be your friends - they'll act like it anyway. But just remember, some come, some go. The ones that stay with you through everything - they're your true best friends. Don't let go of them. Also remember, sisters make the best friends in the world. As for lovers, well, they'll come and go too. And baby, I hate to say it, most of them - actually pretty much all of them are going to break your heart, but you can't give up because if you give up, you'll never find your soulmate. You'll never find that half who makes you whole and that goes for everything. Just because you fail once, doesn't mean you're gonna fail at everything. Keep trying, hold on, and always, always, always believe in yourself, because if you don't, then who will, sweetie? So keep your head high, keep your chin up, and most importantly, keep smiling, because life's a beautiful thing and there's so much to smile about.” 
Tags: friends, heartbreak, inspirational, life, love, sisters 

12. Author: J.K. Rowling 
Quote: “It takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to our enemies, but just as much to stand up to our friends.” 
Tags: courage, friends 

13. Author: Albert Einstein 
Quote: “If you can't explain it to a six year old, you don't understand it yourself.” 
Tags: simplicity, understand 

14. Author: Bob Marley 
Quote: “You may not be her first, her last, or her only. She loved before she may love again. But if she loves you now, what else matters? She's not perfect—you aren't either, and the two of you may never be perfect together but if she can make you laugh, cause you to think twice, and admit to being human and making mistakes, hold onto her and give her the most you can. She may not be thinking about you every second of the day, but she will give you a part of her that she knows you can break—her heart. So don't hurt her, don't change her, don't analyze and don't expect more than she can give. Smile when she makes you happy, let her know when she makes you mad, and miss her when she's not there.” 
Tags: love 

15. Author: Dr. Seuss 
Quote: “I like nonsense, it wakes up the brain cells. Fantasy is a necessary ingredient in living.” 
Tags: fantasy 

16. Author: Douglas Adams 
Quote: “I may not have gone where I intended to go, but I think I have ended up where I needed to be.” 
Tags: life, navigation 

17. Author: Elie Wiesel 
Quote: “The opposite of love is not hate, it's indifference. The opposite of art is not ugliness, it's indifference. The opposite of faith is not heresy, it's indifference. And the opposite of life is not death, it's indifference.” 
Tags: activism, apathy, hate, indifference, inspirational, love, opposite, philosophy 

18. Author: Friedrich Nietzsche 
Quote: “It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages.” 
Tags: friendship, lack-of-friendship, lack-of-love, love, marriage, unhappy-marriage 

19. Author: Mark Twain 
Quote: “Good friends, good books, and a sleepy conscience: this is the ideal life.” 
Tags: books, contentment, friends, friendship, life 

20. Author: Allen Saunders 
Quote: “Life is what happens to us while we are making other plans.” 
Tags: fate, life, misattributed-john-lennon, planning, plans 

21. Author: Pablo Neruda 
Quote: “I love you without knowing how, or when, or from where. I love you simply, without problems or pride: I love you in this way because I do not know any other way of loving but this, in which there is no I or you, so intimate that your hand upon my chest is my hand, so intimate that when I fall asleep your eyes close.” 
Tags: love, poetry 

22. Author: Ralph Waldo Emerson 
Quote: “For every minute you are angry you lose sixty seconds of happiness.” 
Tags: happiness 

23. Author: Mother Teresa 
Quote: “If you judge people, you have no time to love them.” 
Tags: attributed-no-source 

24. Author: Garrison Keillor 
Quote: “Anyone who thinks sitting in church can make you a Christian must also think that sitting in a garage can make you a car.” 
Tags: humor, religion 

25. Author: Jim Henson 
Quote: “Beauty is in the eye of the beholder and it may be necessary from time to time to give a stupid or misinformed beholder a black eye.” 
Tags: humor 

26. Author: Dr. Seuss 
Quote: “Today you are You, that is truer than true. There is no one alive who is Youer than You.” 
Tags: comedy, life, yourself 

27. Author: Albert Einstein 
Quote: “If you want your children to be intelligent, read them fairy tales. If you want them to be more intelligent, read them more fairy tales.” 
Tags: children, fairy-tales 

28. Author: J.K. Rowling 
Quote: “It is impossible to live without failing at something, unless you live so cautiously that you might as well not have lived at all - in which case, you fail by default.” 
Tags:  

29. Author: Albert Einstein 
Quote: “Logic will get you from A to Z; imagination will get you everywhere.” 
Tags: imagination 

30. Author: Bob Marley 
Quote: “One good thing about music, when it hits you, you feel no pain.” 
Tags: music 

31. Author: Dr. Seuss 
Quote: “The more that you read, the more things you will know. The more that you learn, the more places you'll go.” 
Tags: learning, reading, seuss 

32. Author: J.K. Rowling 
Quote: “Of course it is happening inside your head, Harry, but why on earth should that mean that it is not real?” 
Tags: dumbledore 

33. Author: Bob Marley 
Quote: “The truth is, everyone is going to hurt you. You just got to find the ones worth suffering for.” 
Tags: friendship 

34. Author: Mother Teresa 
Quote: “Not all of us can do great things. But we can do small things with great love.” 
Tags: misattributed-to-mother-teresa, paraphrased 

35. Author: J.K. Rowling 
Quote: “To the well-organized mind, death is but the next great adventure.” 
Tags: death, inspirational 

36. Author: Charles M. Schulz 
Quote: “All you need is love. But a little chocolate now and then doesn't hurt.” 
Tags: chocolate, food, humor 

37. Author: William Nicholson 
Quote: “We read to know we're not alone.” 
Tags: misattributed-to-c-s-lewis, reading 

38. Author: Albert Einstein 
Quote: “Any fool can know. The point is to understand.” 
Tags: knowledge, learning, understanding, wisdom 

39. Author: Jorge Luis Borges 
Quote: “I have always imagined that Paradise will be a kind of library.” 
Tags: books, library 

40. Author: George Eliot 
Quote: “It is never too late to be what you might have been.” 
Tags: inspirational 

41. Author: George R.R. Martin 
Quote: “A reader lives a thousand lives before he dies, said Jojen. The man who never reads lives only one.” 
Tags: read, readers, reading, reading-books 

42. Author: C.S. Lewis 
Quote: “You can never get a cup of tea large enough or a book long enough to suit me.” 
Tags: books, inspirational, reading, tea 

43. Author: Marilyn Monroe 
Quote: “You believe lies so you eventually learn to trust no one but yourself.” 
Tags:  

44. Author: Marilyn Monroe 
Quote: “If you can make a woman laugh, you can make her do anything.” 
Tags: girls, love 

45. Author: Albert Einstein 
Quote: “Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.” 
Tags: life, simile 

46. Author: Marilyn Monroe 
Quote: “The real lover is the man who can thrill you by kissing your forehead or smiling into your eyes or just staring into space.” 
Tags: love 

47. Author: Marilyn Monroe 
Quote: “A wise girl kisses but doesn't love, listens but doesn't believe, and leaves before she is left.” 
Tags: attributed-no-source 

48. Author: Martin Luther King Jr. 
Quote: “Only in the darkness can you see the stars.” 
Tags: hope, inspirational 

49. Author: J.K. Rowling 
Quote: “It matters not what someone is born, but what they grow to be.” 
Tags: dumbledore 

50. Author: James Baldwin 
Quote: “Love does not begin and end the way we seem to think it does. Love is a battle, love is a war; love is a growing up.” 
Tags: love 

51. Author: Jane Austen 
Quote: “There is nothing I would not do for those who are really my friends. I have no notion of loving people by halves, it is not my nature.” 
Tags: friendship, love 

52. Author: Eleanor Roosevelt 
Quote: “Do one thing every day that scares you.” 
Tags: attributed, fear, inspiration 

53. Author: Marilyn Monroe 
Quote: “I am good, but not an angel. I do sin, but I am not the devil. I am just a small girl in a big world trying to find someone to love.” 
Tags: attributed-no-source 

54. Author: Albert Einstein 
Quote: “If I were not a physicist, I would probably be a musician. I often think in music. I live my daydreams in music. I see my life in terms of music.” 
Tags: music 

55. Author: Haruki Murakami 
Quote: “If you only read the books that everyone else is reading, you can only think what everyone else is thinking.” 
Tags: books, thought 

56. Author: Alexandre Dumas fils 
Quote: “The difference between genius and stupidity is: genius has its limits.” 
Tags: misattributed-to-einstein 

57. Author: Stephenie Meyer 
Quote: “He's like a drug for you, Bella.” 
Tags: drug, romance, simile 

58. Author: Ernest Hemingway 
Quote: “There is no friend as loyal as a book.” 
Tags: books, friends, novelist-quotes 

59. Author: Helen Keller 
Quote: “When one door of happiness closes, another opens; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been opened for us.” 
Tags: inspirational 

60. Author: George Bernard Shaw 
Quote: “Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.” 
Tags: inspirational, life, yourself 

61. Author: Charles Bukowski 
Quote: “That's the problem with drinking, I thought, as I poured myself a drink. If something bad happens you drink in an attempt to forget; if something good happens you drink in order to celebrate; and if nothing happens you drink to make something happen.” 
Tags: alcohol 

62. Author: Suzanne Collins 
Quote: “You don’t forget the face of the person who was your last hope.” 
Tags: the-hunger-games 

63. Author: Suzanne Collins 
Quote: “Remember, we're madly in love, so it's all right to kiss me anytime you feel like it.” 
Tags: humor 

64. Author: C.S. Lewis 
Quote: “To love at all is to be vulnerable. Love anything and your heart will be wrung and possibly broken. If you want to make sure of keeping it intact you must give it to no one, not even an animal. Wrap it carefully round with hobbies and little luxuries; avoid all entanglements. Lock it up safe in the casket or coffin of your selfishness. But in that casket, safe, dark, motionless, airless, it will change. It will not be broken; it will become unbreakable, impenetrable, irredeemable. To love is to be vulnerable.” 
Tags: love 

65. Author: J.R.R. Tolkien 
Quote: “Not all those who wander are lost.” 
Tags: bilbo, journey, lost, quest, travel, wander 

66. Author: J.K. Rowling 
Quote: “Do not pity the dead, Harry. Pity the living, and, above all those who live without love.” 
Tags: live-death-love 

67. Author: Ernest Hemingway 
Quote: “There is nothing to writing. All you do is sit down at a typewriter and bleed.” 
Tags: good, writing 

68. Author: Ralph Waldo Emerson 
Quote: “Finish each day and be done with it. You have done what you could. Some blunders and absurdities no doubt crept in; forget them as soon as you can. Tomorrow is a new day. You shall begin it serenely and with too high a spirit to be encumbered with your old nonsense.” 
Tags: life, regrets 

69. Author: Mark Twain 
Quote: “I have never let my schooling interfere with my education.” 
Tags: education 

70. Author: Dr. Seuss 
Quote: “I have heard there are troubles of more than one kind. Some come from ahead and some come from behind. But I've bought a big bat. I'm all ready you see. Now my troubles are going to have troubles with me!” 
Tags: troubles 

71. Author: Alfred Tennyson 
Quote: “If I had a flower for every time I thought of you...I could walk through my garden forever.” 
Tags: friendship, love 

72. Author: Charles Bukowski 
Quote: “Some people never go crazy. What truly horrible lives they must lead.” 
Tags: humor 

73. Author: Terry Pratchett 
Quote: “The trouble with having an open mind, of course, is that people will insist on coming along and trying to put things in it.” 
Tags: humor, open-mind, thinking 

74. Author: Dr. Seuss 
Quote: “Think left and think right and think low and think high. Oh, the thinks you can think up if only you try!” 
Tags: humor, philosophy 

75. Author: J.D. Salinger 
Quote: “What really knocks me out is a book that, when you're all done reading it, you wish the author that wrote it was a terrific friend of yours and you could call him up on the phone whenever you felt like it. That doesn't happen much, though.” 
Tags: authors, books, literature, reading, writing 

76. Author: George Carlin 
Quote: “The reason I talk to myself is because I’m the only one whose answers I accept.” 
Tags: humor, insanity, lies, lying, self-indulgence, truth 

77. Author: John Lennon 
Quote: “You may say I'm a dreamer, but I'm not the only one. I hope someday you'll join us. And the world will live as one.” 
Tags: beatles, connection, dreamers, dreaming, dreams, hope, inspirational, peace 

78. Author: W.C. Fields 
Quote: “I am free of all prejudice. I hate everyone equally. ” 
Tags: humor, sinister 

79. Author: Ayn Rand 
Quote: “The question isn't who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me.” 
Tags:  

80. Author: Mark Twain 
Quote: “′Classic′ - a book which people praise and don't read.” 
Tags: books, classic, reading 

81. Author: Albert Einstein 
Quote: “Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new.” 
Tags: mistakes 

82. Author: Jane Austen 
Quote: “A lady's imagination is very rapid; it jumps from admiration to love, from love to matrimony in a moment.” 
Tags: humor, love, romantic, women 

83. Author: J.K. Rowling 
Quote: “Remember, if the time should come when you have to make a choice between what is right and what is easy, remember what happened to a boy who was good, and kind, and brave, because he strayed across the path of Lord Voldemort. Remember Cedric Diggory.” 
Tags: integrity 

84. Author: Jane Austen 
Quote: “I declare after all there is no enjoyment like reading! How much sooner one tires of any thing than of a book! -- When I have a house of my own, I shall be miserable if I have not an excellent library.” 
Tags: books, library, reading 

85. Author: Jane Austen 
Quote: “There are few people whom I really love, and still fewer of whom I think well. The more I see of the world, the more am I dissatisfied with it; and every day confirms my belief of the inconsistency of all human characters, and of the little dependence that can be placed on the appearance of merit or sense.” 
Tags: elizabeth-bennet, jane-austen 

86. Author: C.S. Lewis 
Quote: “Some day you will be old enough to start reading fairy tales again.” 
Tags: age, fairytales, growing-up 

87. Author: C.S. Lewis 
Quote: “We are not necessarily doubting that God will do the best for us; we are wondering how painful the best will turn out to be.” 
Tags: god 

88. Author: Mark Twain 
Quote: “The fear of death follows from the fear of life. A man who lives fully is prepared to die at any time.” 
Tags: death, life 

89. Author: Mark Twain 
Quote: “A lie can travel half way around the world while the truth is putting on its shoes.” 
Tags: misattributed-mark-twain, truth 

90. Author: C.S. Lewis 
Quote: “I believe in Christianity as I believe that the sun has risen: not only because I see it, but because by it I see everything else.” 
Tags: christianity, faith, religion, sun 

91. Author: J.K. Rowling 
Quote: “The truth." Dumbledore sighed. "It is a beautiful and terrible thing, and should therefore be treated with great caution.” 
Tags: truth 

92. Author: Jimi Hendrix 
Quote: “I'm the one that's got to die when it's time for me to die, so let me live my life the way I want to.” 
Tags: death, life 

93. Author: J.M. Barrie 
Quote: “To die will be an awfully big adventure.” 
Tags: adventure, love 

94. Author: E.E. Cummings 
Quote: “It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are.” 
Tags: courage 

95. Author: Khaled Hosseini 
Quote: “But better to get hurt by the truth than comforted with a lie.” 
Tags: life 

96. Author: Harper Lee 
Quote: “You never really understand a person until you consider things from his point of view... Until you climb inside of his skin and walk around in it.” 
Tags: better-life-empathy 

97. Author: Madeleine L'Engle 
Quote: “You have to write the book that wants to be written. And if the book will be too difficult for grown-ups, then you write it for children.” 
Tags: books, children, difficult, grown-ups, write, writers, writing 

98. Author: Mark Twain 
Quote: “Never tell the truth to people who are not worthy of it.” 
Tags: truth 

99. Author: Dr. Seuss 
Quote: “A person's a person, no matter how small.” 
Tags: inspirational 

100. Author: George R.R. Martin 
Quote: “... a mind needs books as a sword needs a whetstone, if it is to keep its edge.” 
Tags: books, mind 
